Add steps about how to Remove Filterable Attribute Values with 0 Products from Layered Navigation (#1438)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/navigation-layered-filterable-attributes.md

To test the setting, visit your store and navigate to the category from the main menu. The selection of filterable attributes appears in the layered navigation of the category page.

Search, filter, and review the displayed products.

> ## Remove Filterable Attribute Values with 0 Products from Layered Navigation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Remove filterable attribute values from layered navigation
```

Author: Done ✅

> Layered navigation includes filters for all available attribute values and their product counts, including those with zero (0) product matches as shown in below image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layered navigation includes filters for all available attribute values and their product counts, including those with zero (0) product matches (as shown in the following image).
```

Author: Done ✅

   ![]({% link images/images/filterable-attributes-on-plp.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Zero filters displaying_

This makes it difficult for customers to select a preferred product, and there is no need to display attribute values ​​with 0 products in the front-end.

> Therefore, follow the next steps to remove Filterable Attribute Values with 0 Products from Layered Navigation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following steps to remove filterable attribute values with 0 Products from the layered navigation:
```

Author: Done ✅

> 1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Stores** > **Attributes** > **Product**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Stores** > _Attributes_ > **Product**.
```

Author: Done ✅

1. Browse or use filtered search to find an attribute in the list and open it in edit mode.

>  Under _Attribute Information_ , click **Storefront Properties**.

Reviewer: one more fix, I'll commit
```suggestion
 1. Under _Attribute Information_ , click **Storefront Properties**.
```

> 1. Click on **Storefront Properties** under **Attribute Information** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under _Attribute Information_ , click **Storefront Properties**.
```

Author: Done ✅

   ![]({% link images/images/storefront-properties-tab.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Attribute Information section_

> 1. Select **Filterable (with results)** from the Use in Layered Navigation dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For **Layered Navigation**, choose `Filterable (with results)`.
```

Author: Done ✅
